# @uclapi/sdk

JavaScript client for the [UCL API](https://uclapi.com).

See the main UCL API Documentation at <https://uclapi.com/docs>.

This SDK is automatically generated by the [OpenAPI Generator](https://openapi-generator.tech) project:

- API version: 1.0.0-oas3
- Package version: 1.1.0
- Build package: org.openapitools.codegen.languages.JavascriptClientCodegen

## Installation

### For [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/)

#### npm

Install the SDK through [npm](https://www.npmjs.com/) via:

```shell
npm install @uclapi/sdk --save
```

### git

If you want to use the SDK via this GitHub repository, then install it via:

```shell
npm install uclapi/uclapi-js-sdk --save
```

### For browser

The library also works in the browser environment via npm and [browserify](http://browserify.org/). After following the above steps with Node.js and installing browserify with `npm install -g browserify`, perform the following (assuming *index.js* is your entry file, that's to say your JavaScript file where you actually use this library):

```shell
browserify index.js > bundle.js
```

Then include *bundle.js* in your HTML pages.

### Webpack Configuration

Using Webpack you may encounter the following error: "Module not found: Error:
Cannot resolve module", most certainly you should disable AMD loader. Add/merge
the following section to your webpack config:

```javascript
module: {
  rules: [
    {
      parser: {
        amd: false
      }
    }
  ]
}
```

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following JS code:

```javascript
const uclapi = require('@uclapi/sdk');

const api = new uclapi.AnalyticsApi()
const opts = {
  'service': "service_example" // {String} The service to check the popularity of methods for
};

const callback = function(error, data, response) {
  if (error) {
    console.error(error);
  } else {
    console.log('API called successfully. Returned data: ', data);
  }
};
api.dashboardApiAnalyticsMethodsGet(opts, callback);

```

See more detailed examples at the [`uclapi-openapi`](https://github.com/uclapi/uclapi-openapi/examples) repository.

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to *https://uclapi.com*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsMethodsGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsMethodsGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/methods | Gets all methods for a given service and their popularity
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsOauthTotalByDeptGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsOauthTotalByDeptGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/oauth/total_by_dept | Gets the total number of users for a given app token, by department
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsOauthTotalGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsOauthTotalGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/oauth/total | Gets the total number of users for a given app token
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsQuotaGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsQuotaGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/quota | Gets the remaining daily quota for a given token
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsServicesGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsServicesGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/services | Gets all services and their popularity
*uclapi.AnalyticsApi* | [**dashboardApiAnalyticsTotalGet**](docs/AnalyticsApi.md#dashboardApiAnalyticsTotalGet) | **GET** /dashboard/api/analytics/total | Gets the total number of requests made from a given token
*uclapi.OAuthApi* | [**oauthAuthoriseGet**](docs/OAuthApi.md#oauthAuthoriseGet) | **GET** /oauth/authorise | Authorises a user against the API
*uclapi.OAuthApi* | [**oauthTokenGet**](docs/OAuthApi.md#oauthTokenGet) | **GET** /oauth/token | A token will be generated which your app can use to get user’s personal data in JSON format from the OAuthSecurity/user/data.
*uclapi.OAuthApi* | [**oauthUserDataGet**](docs/OAuthApi.md#oauthUserDataGet) | **GET** /oauth/user/data | Returns personal data on a student at UCL.
*uclapi.OAuthApi* | [**oauthUserStudentnumberGet**](docs/OAuthApi.md#oauthUserStudentnumberGet) | **GET** /oauth/user/studentnumber | You can use the oauth/user/data endpoint to find out whether the user is a student before you call this endpoint. If you call this endpoint and the user is not a student, an error will be returned.
*uclapi.ResourcesApi* | [**resourcesDesktopsGet**](docs/ResourcesApi.md#resourcesDesktopsGet) | **GET** /resources/desktops | Returns number of desktops and how many are free at the time of making the request.
*uclapi.RoomBookingsApi* | [**roombookingsBookingsGet**](docs/RoomBookingsApi.md#roombookingsBookingsGet) | **GET** /roombookings/bookings | Returns the results to a bookings or space availability query. It returns a paginated list of bookings. Note that this endpoint only returns publicly displayed bookings. Departmental bookings are not included.
*uclapi.RoomBookingsApi* | [**roombookingsEquipmentGet**](docs/RoomBookingsApi.md#roombookingsEquipmentGet) | **GET** /roombookings/equipment | Returns any equipment/feature information about a specific room. So, for example whether there is a Whiteboard or a DVD Player in the room. A full example can be seen here.
*uclapi.RoomBookingsApi* | [**roombookingsFreeroomsGet**](docs/RoomBookingsApi.md#roombookingsFreeroomsGet) | **GET** /roombookings/freerooms | Given a start time and an end time, this endpoint returns all rooms which are free in that time range.
*uclapi.RoomBookingsApi* | [**roombookingsRoomsGet**](docs/RoomBookingsApi.md#roombookingsRoomsGet) | **GET** /roombookings/rooms | Returns rooms and information about them. If you don’t specify any query parameters besides the token, all rooms will be returned.
*uclapi.SearchApi* | [**searchPeopleGet**](docs/SearchApi.md#searchPeopleGet) | **GET** /search/people | Returns matching people and information about them. Note that this endpoint only returns a maximum of 20 matches. Following a change to UCL&#39;s systems in 2019, this endpoint only returns staff; students will not be returned through this API.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetableBymoduleGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetableBymoduleGet) | **GET** /timetable/bymodule | Returns a yearly timetable for the supplied modules.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetableDataCoursesGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetableDataCoursesGet) | **GET** /timetable/data/courses | Returns a list of every course taught by a given department at UCL.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetableDataCoursesModulesGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetableDataCoursesModulesGet) | **GET** /timetable/data/courses/modules | Returns a list of every module taught on a given course at UCL.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetableDataDepartmentsGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetableDataDepartmentsGet) | **GET** /timetable/data/departments | Returns a list of every department at UCL, along with its internal name. This can be used with the /data/modules endpoint to request information on all modules for a department.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetableDataModulesGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetableDataModulesGet) | **GET** /timetable/data/modules | Returns a list of every module taught by a given department at UCL.
*uclapi.TimetableApi* | [**timetablePersonalGet**](docs/TimetableApi.md#timetablePersonalGet) | **GET** /timetable/personal | Returns the personal timetable of the user.
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesImagesMapGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesImagesMapGet) | **GET** /workspaces/images/map | Returns the image specified by the passed in image_id. Image IDs are provided by the /workspaces/surveys endpoint within the array of maps. Each map has an image.
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesImagesMapLiveGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesImagesMapLiveGet) | **GET** /workspaces/images/map/live | Takes Survey ID and Map ID as parameters and displays a dynamically generated SVG map, correct as of the time of the API call (aside from caching overhead), showing the map&#39;s plan image with a circle overlaid on each seat. This circle is coloured based on whether the seat is occupied or absent (e.g. it&#39;s free).
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesSensorsAveragesTimeGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesSensorsAveragesTimeGet) | **GET** /workspaces/sensors/averages/time | Provides a list of every sensor within every map in a survey/library. It can optionally provide the current state of a sensor (e.g. Occupied / Absent), but by default it will only list the sensors without their states
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesSensorsGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesSensorsGet) | **GET** /workspaces/sensors | Provides a list of every sensor within every map in a survey/library. It can optionally provide the current state of a sensor (e.g. Occupied / Absent), but by default it will only list the sensors without their states
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesSensorsLastupdatedGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesSensorsLastupdatedGet) | **GET** /workspaces/sensors/lastupdated | Replies with the timestamp of the last time the sensor data was updated for a given survey. This allows integrations that poll the API to save on request time by only requesting the full set of sensor information for a survey once it has been updated.
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesSensorsSummaryGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesSensorsSummaryGet) | **GET** /workspaces/sensors/summary | This endpoint summarises, with a one-minute accuracy, the number of seats within each library region that are free and occupied. It is best suited to integrations which show cumulative, live data. Developers can use this endpoint to avoid making many parallel or sequential requests to fetch survey sensor counts. This endpoint takes into account UCL&#39;s thirty minute rule, which allows students to leave their seat unattended for up to thirty minutes at a time (e.g. to use the bathroom or get food). This means that the Summary endpoint may return a lower number of available seats when compared to reality if many students leave the library within a short period of time. The UCL Library&#39;s website and the UCL Go! mobile application both follow this rule, so your app or integration should have parity with first party data sources by using the UCL API.
*uclapi.WorkspacesApi* | [**workspacesSurveysGet**](docs/WorkspacesApi.md#workspacesSurveysGet) | **GET** /workspaces/surveys | Returns all UCL libraries with the Cad-Capture devices fitted to the seats. Each library is known as a &#39;survey&#39;, as it is a survey of the building. Within each survey there are multiple &#39;maps&#39;, each of which corresponds to a section such as a level, wing or separated library work area. Each sensor is tied to a specific map, and each map belongs to a survey.


## Documentation for Models

 - [uclapi.Average](docs/Average.md)
 - [uclapi.AverageWithNameAndId](docs/AverageWithNameAndId.md)
 - [uclapi.Booking](docs/Booking.md)
 - [uclapi.Course](docs/Course.md)
 - [uclapi.Delivery](docs/Delivery.md)
 - [uclapi.Department](docs/Department.md)
 - [uclapi.DesktopData](docs/DesktopData.md)
 - [uclapi.DesktopDataLocation](docs/DesktopDataLocation.md)
 - [uclapi.Equipment](docs/Equipment.md)
 - [uclapi.Error](docs/Error.md)
 - [uclapi.Event](docs/Event.md)
 - [uclapi.HistoricalSurvey](docs/HistoricalSurvey.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse200](docs/InlineResponse200.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2001](docs/InlineResponse2001.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20010](docs/InlineResponse20010.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20011](docs/InlineResponse20011.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20012](docs/InlineResponse20012.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20013](docs/InlineResponse20013.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20014](docs/InlineResponse20014.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20015](docs/InlineResponse20015.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20016](docs/InlineResponse20016.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20017](docs/InlineResponse20017.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20018](docs/InlineResponse20018.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20019](docs/InlineResponse20019.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2002](docs/InlineResponse2002.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20020](docs/InlineResponse20020.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20020Data](docs/InlineResponse20020Data.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20021](docs/InlineResponse20021.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20021Data](docs/InlineResponse20021Data.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20022](docs/InlineResponse20022.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20023](docs/InlineResponse20023.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse20023Data](docs/InlineResponse20023Data.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2003](docs/InlineResponse2003.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2004](docs/InlineResponse2004.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2005](docs/InlineResponse2005.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2006](docs/InlineResponse2006.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2007](docs/InlineResponse2007.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2008](docs/InlineResponse2008.md)
 - [uclapi.InlineResponse2009](docs/InlineResponse2009.md)
 - [uclapi.Instance](docs/Instance.md)
 - [uclapi.Lecturer](docs/Lecturer.md)
 - [uclapi.Location](docs/Location.md)
 - [uclapi.LocationCoordinates](docs/LocationCoordinates.md)
 - [uclapi.Map](docs/Map.md)
 - [uclapi.MapWithSensors](docs/MapWithSensors.md)
 - [uclapi.Module](docs/Module.md)
 - [uclapi.ModuleDataCoursesModules](docs/ModuleDataCoursesModules.md)
 - [uclapi.Period](docs/Period.md)
 - [uclapi.Person](docs/Person.md)
 - [uclapi.Room](docs/Room.md)
 - [uclapi.RoomLocation](docs/RoomLocation.md)
 - [uclapi.RoomLocationCoordinates](docs/RoomLocationCoordinates.md)
 - [uclapi.SeatImage](docs/SeatImage.md)
 - [uclapi.SeatImageCircle](docs/SeatImageCircle.md)
 - [uclapi.Sensor](docs/Sensor.md)
 - [uclapi.SummerSchool](docs/SummerSchool.md)
 - [uclapi.SummerSchoolSessions](docs/SummerSchoolSessions.md)
 - [uclapi.Survey](docs/Survey.md)
 - [uclapi.SurveyLocation](docs/SurveyLocation.md)
 - [uclapi.SurveyLocationCoordinates](docs/SurveyLocationCoordinates.md)
 - [uclapi.SurveyWithMaps](docs/SurveyWithMaps.md)
 - [uclapi.Svg](docs/Svg.md)
 - [uclapi.SvgG](docs/SvgG.md)
 - [uclapi.SvgGImage](docs/SvgGImage.md)
 - [uclapi.TeachingPeriods](docs/TeachingPeriods.md)
 - [uclapi.Timetable](docs/Timetable.md)
 - [uclapi.UserData](docs/UserData.md)


## Documentation for Authorization



### OAuthSecurity


- **Type**: OAuth
- **Flow**: accessCode
- **Authorization URL**: /authorise
- **Scopes**: 
  - personal_timetable: read user&#39;s timetable
  - student_number: read user&#39;s student number



### OAuthToken


- **Type**: API key
- **API key parameter name**: token
- **Location**: URL query string

